Updated Image (#4624)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/windows-autopilot-requirements-network.md

>     -   <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2> (includes all Office services, DNS names, IP addresses; includes Azure AD and other services that may overlap with those listed above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   <https://support.office.com/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2> (includes all Office services, DNS names, IP addresses; includes Azure AD and other services that may overlap with those listed above)
```

> -   **Certificate revocation lists (CRLs).**  Some of these services will also need to check certificate revocation lists (CRLs) for certificates used in the services.  A full list of these is documented in the Office documentation at <https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2#bkmk_crl> and <https://aka.ms/o365chains>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Certificate revocation lists (CRLs).**  Some of these services will also need to check certificate revocation lists (CRLs) for certificates used in the services.  A full list of these is documented in the Office documentation at <https://support.office.com/article/Office-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2#bkmk_crl> and <https://aka.ms/o365chains>.
```

> -	**Hybrid AAD Join.**  Hybrid AAD can be join, the machine should be on corporate network for hybrid AAD join to work. See details at <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/user-driven-hybrid>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	**Hybrid AAD Join.**  Hybrid AAD can be joined. The computer should be on corporate network for hybrid AAD join to work. For more detaisl see <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/user-driven-hybrid>.
```
